README.md, before:

![build status](https://api.travis-ci.com/CellTrackingChallenge/CTC-FijiPlugins.svg?branch=master)

Welcome
-------
This is a repository with Java source codes of the [Fiji](http://fiji.sc) tools related to the [Cell Tracking Challenge](http://www.celltrackingchallenge.net)s
and to [Mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon-sc/mastodon).

The tools were developed and the page is maintained by [Vladimír Ulman](http://www.fi.muni.cz/~xulman/).


Enabling update site in a new or existing Fiji installation:
------------------------------------------------------------
1. Open Fiji
1. Click menus: 'Help' -> 'Update...'
1. Click 'Manage update sites' in the opened 'ImageJ Updater' dialog
1. Mark the 'Mastodon' and 'CellTrackingChallenge' checkboxes
1. Click 'Close' to close the dialog


License
--------
The tools are licensed with the [BSD 2-Clause License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-2-clause/).


Notes
------
Once installed, one can find the tools in the Mastodon, in the _Plugins_ menu.
Contact (ulman při fi.muni.cz) for help on how to use it.

Commit message:

Update README.md about CTC Mastodon Baseline

README.md, after:

![build status](https://api.travis-ci.com/CellTrackingChallenge/CTC-FijiPlugins.svg?branch=master)

The CellTrackingChallenge Mastodon Baseline
-------------------------------------------
[...one can find here](https://github.com/CellTrackingChallenge/mastodon-ctc?tab=readme-ov-file#the-celltrackingchallenge-mastodon-baseline)

Welcome
-------
This is a repository with Java source codes of the [Fiji](http://fiji.sc) tools related to the [Cell Tracking Challenge](http://www.celltrackingchallenge.net)s
and to [Mastodon](https://github.com/mastodon-sc/mastodon).

The tools were developed and the page is maintained by [Vladimír Ulman](http://www.fi.muni.cz/~xulman/).


Enabling update site in a new or existing Fiji installation:
------------------------------------------------------------
1. Open Fiji
1. Click menus: 'Help' -> 'Update...'
1. Click 'Manage update sites' in the opened 'ImageJ Updater' dialog
1. Mark the 'Mastodon' and 'CellTrackingChallenge' checkboxes
1. Click 'Close' to close the dialog


License
--------
The tools are licensed with the [BSD 2-Clause License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/bsd-2-clause/).


Notes
------
Once installed, one can find the tools in the Mastodon, in the _Plugins_ menu.
Contact (ulman při fi.muni.cz) for help on how to use it.
